.TH "Session" 3 "Fri Oct 7 2011" "Version 1.0" "Launchpad" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Session \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__set\fP ($key, $value)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__get\fP ($key)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__isset\fP ($key)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__unset\fP ($key)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBis_logged_in\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlogin\fP ($user_id)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlogout\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmessage\fP ($msg='')"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBopen\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBclose\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBread\fP ($id)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBwrite\fP ($id, $data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdestroy\fP ($id)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBclean\fP ($timeout)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A class for the creation and acessing of session variables 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Session::__get ($key)"Gets a sessin variable. Use: $session->foo;
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$key\fP - the session to retrieve 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string 
.RE
.PP

.SS "Session::__isset ($key)"check whether a session variable is set. Use: isset($session->foo);
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$key\fP - The variable to check 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boolean 
.RE
.PP

.SS "Session::__set ($key, $value)"sets a session veriable. Use: $session->foo = bar;
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$key\fP - the variable name 
.br
\fI$value\fP - the variable value 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
null 
.RE
.PP

.SS "Session::__unset ($key)"unsets a session variable is set. Use: unset($session->foo);
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$key\fP - The variable to unset 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
null 
.RE
.PP

.SS "Session::clean ($timeout)"Deletes expired sessions
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$timeout\fP - Unix timestamp representing the end of the session life 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boolean 
.RE
.PP

.SS "Session::close ()"Closes database connection
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boolean 
.RE
.PP

.SS "Session::destroy ($id)"Removes a session from the database
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$id\fP - description 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boolean - success 
.RE
.PP

.SS "Session::is_logged_in ()"Check whether the current user is logged in
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
booelan 
.RE
.PP

.SS "Session::login ($user_id)"Logins in a user
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$user_id\fP - The user id of the user to log in. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
null 
.RE
.PP

.SS "Session::logout ()"Logs out the currently logged in user
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boolean 
.RE
.PP

.SS "Session::message ($msg = \fC''\fP)"Set the message session variable.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$msg\fP - The message to set. Pass null or empty string to unset the current message; 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boolean | string 
.RE
.PP

.SS "Session::open ()"Opens a new database connection for string session
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boolean 
.RE
.PP

.SS "Session::read ($id)"Reads the session from the database
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$id\fP - The id of the session 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
array - \fBSession\fP data 
.RE
.PP

.SS "Session::write ($id, $data)"Writes session data to the database
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$id\fP - The id of the session 
.br
\fI$data\fP - The data to be stored 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boolean - success of execution 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Launchpad from the source code.
